Mos 327 (#3725)
mudita/MuditaOS: module-services/service-cellular/call/README.md

encapsulated cellular call processing
=====================================

> This library goal is to encapsulate whole call flow/flows we can have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library's goal is to encapsulate the whole call flow/flows we can have.
```
